I go hum
It seems that they are indeed Tang married
How about this?
How about we take him to Young Master Qin?
Qin Shao will definitely reward us
Yes, yes.
Enough
Yuxin and I need to rest
If you dare to mess around again
You're welcome.
Are you welcome?
Did you know that the Regency Hotel has booked rooms today?
There are big people staying
You two runaway dogs still want to offend animals
With this big shot?
I have nothing to do with Qin Shao anymore
Go away
Don't make good people angry
I'm afraid of him.
He's just a dog from our family
Why do you still want to bite me?
Look at him as a person
Look down on a dog
Ming is to be afraid
After all, it's not illegal for a fool to kill someone, hahaha.
OK
Then I'll kill you, you, you.
Haoran, don't bother with them
Why is there no malice?
Let's go back to our home
I just want to leave
My husband is the manager of this hotel
He is in charge of reception today
If I inform you
You're dead.
Jiang Yuning
Your sister has worked so hard for so many years to support your studies
Just raise you to worship heaven
You fool really recovered
I didn't ask him to give me the money.
It was obviously his own face
None of my business
I have no money